“Live your dreams.” – Les Brown

“The true vocation of man is to find his way for himself.” – Hermann Hesse

“A life of sacrifice is the pinnacle of art, and is full of true joy.” –Mahatma Gandhi

“No wind favors he who has no destined port.” —Montaigne

“It’s not what you look at that matters, it’s what you see.” – Henry Davis Thoreau

“Only a life lived for others is a life worthwhile.” – Albert Einstein

“To know oneself, one should assert oneself.” –Albert Camus

 “Men do less than they ought unless they do all they can.” – Thomas Carlyle

“People living deeply have no fear of death.” – Anais Nin

“A clever man commits no minor blunders.” – Johann Wolfgang von Goethe

“Be not afraid of going slowly, be afraid only of standing still.” –Chinese Proverb

“If I’m gonna tell a real story, I’m gonna start with my name.” – Kendrick Lamar

“Wake up with determination. Go to bed with satisfaction.” – George Horace Lorimer

“All limitations are self-imposed.” – Oliver Wendell Holmes

“When you make a choice, you change the future.”– Deepak Chopra

“Determine your priorities and focus on them.” – Eileen McDargh

“Words are your paintbrush, and your life is the canvas. You can paint whatever you want to paint.”― Miguel Ruiz

“Never let your emotions overpower your intelligence.” – Drake

“Luck is a matter of preparation meeting opportunity.”– Oprah Winfrey

“Let the beauty of what you love be what you do.” – Rumi

“Always remember that you are unique  –  just like everybody else.” – Unknown

“If you tell the truth you don’t have to remember anything.” – Mark Twain

“Re-examine all you have been told. Dismiss what insults your soul.” – Walt Whitman

“Have enough courage to start and enough heart to finish.” – Jessica N. S. Yourko

“Above all, a person is their will.”– Unknown

“Be so good they can’t ignore you.” – Steve Martin

“If opportunity doesn’t knock, build a door.”– Milton Berle

“Don’t you know your imperfections is a blessing?” – Kendrick Lamar

“Who you are tomorrow begins with what you do today.”– Tim Fargo

“Happiness depends upon ourselves.” – Aristotle

“You can’t have everything. Where would you put it?” – Steven Wright

“Tough times never last but tough people do.” – Robert H. Schiuller

“Magic always happens when you direct your inner powers to the object you want to change.”– Bangambiki Habyarimana

“I could agree with you but then we’d both be wrong.” – Harvey Specter

“The only impossible journey is the one you never begin.”– Tony Robbins

“Yesterday you said tomorrow. Just do it.” – Nike

“Those at the top of the mountain didn’t fall there.”– Marcus Washling

“There is no substitute for hard work.” – Thomas Edison

“Mostly, the world sees you the way you see yourself.”– Lisa Nichols

“The meaning of life is to give life meaning.” – Ken Hudgins

“The elevator to success is out of order. You’ll have to use the stairs, one step at a time.” – Joe Girard